Core6 Beta2 (#6729)
realm/realm-java: CHANGELOG.md

* [ObjectServer] `IncompatibleSyncedFileException` is removed as it is no longer used.
* [ObjectServer] New error codes thrown by the underlying sync layers now have proper enum mappings in `ErrorCode.java`. A few other errors have been renamed in order to have consistent naming. (Issue [#6387](https://github.com/realm/realm-java/issues/6387)) 
* RxJava Flowables and Observables are now subscribed to and unsubscribed to asynchronously on the thread holding the live Realm, instead of previously where this was done synchronously.
* All RxJava Flowables and Observables now return frozen objects instead of live objects. This can be configured using `RealmConfiguration.Builder.rxFactory(new RealmObservableFactory(true|false))`. By using frozen objects, it is possible to send RealmObjects across threads, which means that all RxJava operators should now be supported without the need to copy Realm data into unmanaged objects.
* MIPS is not supported anymore.
* Realm now requires `minSdkVersion` 16. Up from 9.

> * `IncompatibleSyncedFileException` is removed and no longer thrown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ObjectServer] `IncompatibleSyncedFileException` is removed and no longer thrown.
```

* Added `Realm.isFrozen()`, `RealmObject.isFrozen()`, `RealmObject.isFrozen(RealmModel)`, `RealmResults.isFrozen()` and `RealmList.isFrozen()`, which returns whether or not the data is frozen.
* Added `RealmConfiguration.Builder.maxNumberOfActiveVersions(long number)`. Setting this will cause Realm to throw an `IllegalStateException` if too many versions of the Realm data are live at the same time. Having too many versions can dramatically increase the filesize of the Realm.
* `RealmResults.asJSON()` is no longer `@Beta`

### Compatibility
* Realm Object Server: 3.23.1 or later.

> * File format: Generates Realms with format v9 (Reads and upgrades all previous formats)

Reviewer: Was the previous entry a mistake?

Author: No, just a merge mistake, I'll revert

Author: ```suggestion
* File format: Generates Realms with format v10 (Reads and upgrades all previous formats from Realm Java 2.0 and later).
```
